Add recovery code info to the Cloud FAQ (#51073)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/reference/cloud-faq.mdx

### How do I set up recovery codes for my account so I don't lose access?

When you sign up for a Teleport Enterprise (Cloud) account and set up your first
user within the account, the Teleport Web UI displays a set of recovery codes:

![Web UI view showing Teleport recovery
codes](../../img/cloud/recovery-codes.png)

> Paste the recovery codes into a safe location, such as your organization's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Save the recovery codes into a safe location, such as your organization's
```

Reviewer 2: committed changes

> password manager. You can use these codes to sign into your account if you lose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
password manager. You can use these codes to reset your account if you lose
```
